my-code/README.md, before:

# NextJS Typescript Boilerplate

Bootstrap a developer-friendly NextJS app configured with:

-   [Typescript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
-   Linting with [ESLint](https://eslint.org/)
-   Formatting with [Prettier](https://prettier.io/)
-   Linting, typechecking and formatting on by default using [`husky`](https://github.com/typicode/husky) for commit hooks
-   Testing with [Jest](https://jestjs.io/) and [`react-testing-library`](https://testing-library.com/docs/react-testing-library/intro)

## Deploy your own

Deploy the example using [Vercel](https://vercel.com?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=next-example):

[![Deploy with Vercel](https://vercel.com/button)](https://vercel.com/new/git/external?repository-url=https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/examples/with-typescript-eslint-jest&project-name=with-typescript-eslint-jest&repository-name=with-typescript-eslint-jest)

## How to use

Execute [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app) with [npm](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/init) or [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/lang/en/docs/cli/create/) to bootstrap the example:

```bash
npx create-next-app --example with-typescript-eslint-jest with-typescript-eslint-jest-app
# or
yarn create next-app --example with-typescript-eslint-jest with-typescript-eslint-jest-app
```

Deploy it to the cloud with [Vercel](https://vercel.com/new?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=next-example) ([Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment)).

Commit message:

add docker compose and readme

my-code/README.md, after:

# What's in App

A simple project made with Nexjs, Typescript, Styled-jsx and Mongo to consume the [OMDb API](http://www.omdbapi.com/). It also use Jest for unit tests.

The main features are movie listing and detailing. Also possibility to add or remove a movie as a favorite.

## Setup

#### Requirements to use this project:

-   [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/download/)

-   [yarn (Package Manager)](https://yarnpkg.com/getting-started/install)

-   [MongoDB](https://www.mongodb.com/): I'm using a MongoDB to save the favorite movies, so you can either pointer to a MongoDB Container or any other instance of the database you have.
-   [Docker](https://www.docker.com/)\*: Just in case you choose using Mongo via Container

## How to run

-   Install all de dependecies

```sh
$ yarn install
```

-   Create a _.env.local_ file in the root with using [.env.local.example](./env.local.example) as example.
-   Run with the command:

```sh
$ yarn dev
```

## Run tests

To run tests you just need to execute:

```sh
$ yarn test
```
